View 1:
This could also be the home view, so what you see if you come to this website
(of course without the open login menu). You can only see part of the details of
a job, and if the description is longer than three lines it gets cropped of and
indicated with ... You can click on the "See Details" button to see the full 
job posting (see view 2). You can scroll through all the postings that are
currently online.
The "Contact" button could be to see how you can get a login for this page as a 
company. Could be solved differently though.
To log in you can click on the "Login" button in the right upper corner and the 
menu that you see appears. When you enter username and password and click on 
"Login" underneath it you can see your profile (see view 3) if you are a company.
If you are an admin you can log in the same way but you get to the overview of
all the pendent job postings (see view 6).

View 2:
After you click on "See Details" on the front page you get a detailed view of a
job posting. The company that posted it is indicated right underneath the title.
Now you can also see the full description and all the other fields with further
information. This is a first suggestion for the fields of a job posting. With 
the button "Back" you return to the previous page with all the job postings
(view 1).

View 3:
After you logged in (as a company) you can see your profile, where you can 
change your password. Instead of the "Login" button in the right upper corner 
you can now see that you are logged in and by clicking on the circle you can 
always go to your profile. In the menu at the left you can go to your job
postings (see view 4).

View 4:
If you click on "My Jobs" you see an overview of your postings. You can see the
title, when you created it and the status. The status pendent means that you
have created the posting but it hasn't been approved by an admin yet, so no one 
can see it at the moment. If the status is online, it has been approved by an
admin and can be seen by everyone on the front page and offline means that it's
an old posting and has already been taken down by an admin. There can also be a
status saved, if you have created a new posting but you don't want to post it
yet, so the admin can't approve it until you want to post it (see view 5). If 
you click on the title you can see all the details similar to view 2 if the 
status is pendent or offline (so you can't change anything at the moment). If 
it's saved, you get to the view where you create a new 
posting with all the fields you have already filled out before and you can 
change it and post it if you want (see view 5). If it's online you get to a 
similar view, where you can make changes and submit them. Those changes can't be
seen in the public posting until an admin approved of it.
If you want to create a new posting you can click on "New" to create a new one 
(see view 5).

View 5:
If you click on "New" under "My Jobs" you can create a new posting. You have to 
fill out all the fields and you can upload a pdf with a more detailed 
description if you want to. You can either save it or post it. If you only save
it, it still appears in your overview as saved and you can change it later, but 
the admin can't see and approve it. If you click on post, it gets saved 
automatically and it appears as pendent in your overview until an admin approves
it.

View 6:
If you log in as an admin you see the overview of new job postings that you have
to approve, before they appear on the front page. You can click on the title to
see all the details similar to the view 2 but there is also a "Post" button at 
the end. If you click that the job will be posted on the front page with the 
you on which you approved it.
In the menu on the left you can navigate through the different views (see view 
7&8).

View 7:
If you click on changes you can see the postings where the company it's from
made a change. This can only happen for postings, that are already online. If 
you click on the title you see all the details of the posting similar to view 2, 
where the changes are highlighted. Like before there is a "Post" button at the 
end, where you can approve of the changes, so they appear on the front page.

View 8:
If you click on online you see a short overview of all the postings that are 
currently online. Here you see all the postings you can also see on the front
page but with less details. If you click on it you get to the normal view of the
details like view 2.
For offline it would be the same but with postings that are no longer on the
front page.
